if you are looking for a workflow that
can produce decals efficiently then you
cannot afford to ignore this video
because in this video we are going to
compare two workflows for making decals
to determine the best one is it better
to have an all-in-one print and cut
device or is it better to have separate
devices one to print and the other to
cut at times you may think that it would
be more cumbersome to have two separate
devices taking the printout and then
placing it in the cutter whereas an
all-in-one printer cutter would seem to
be just a ticket for reducing steps
providing high production and not to
mention taking less space in your shop
well let's find out and see if this is
true let's introduce you to the devices
we will be using for the two workflows
in this competition
the first workflow will be using two
separate devices the HP designjet l28500
giving you the better productivity
today's job for our competition consists
of printing 84 decals using
approximately 10 feet by 5 feet of
material and then contour cutting around
each decal both workflows will be using
the same type of material with similar
settings the rollin versa cam will be
printing at 720 dpi and using its own
roland versa work software rip the HP
designjet will be printing at 600 dpi
using the onyx productionhouse software
rip both printers are printing
bi-directionally as for the cutting the
graphtec FC 8000 cutter will be
controlled from graphtec zone cutting
master to plug in software to be fair we
are excluding any rip time the timing
will start when the HP and roland both
start running and the time will be
marked once the job is finished cutting
the decals for each workflow the media
has been loaded and the jobs are now
being sent
to save time we will switch to a
time-lapse video
you
as you can see the HP designjet has
finished the first print job the print
is removed from the HP designjet and
will now be inserted into the graph tag
FC 8000 equipped with the arms or
automatic registration mark sensor
system
while the graphtec FC 8000 is sizing up
the media a second print job has already
started on the HP designjet that in
itself cannot be done with an all-in-one
printer cutter
to begin the contour cut the blade on
the graphtec FC 8,000 is aligned over
the first registration mark a fairly
simple and easy process
after sending the job the graphtec FC
8,000 automatically locates the
registration marks and begins to contour
cut the job
let's go back to the time-lapse video
and wait for the winner
the graphtec FC 8000 has finished
cutting the job so the HP designjet and
graphtec FC 8000 print and cut duo has
finished its job with a time of 33
minutes and 47 seconds and is in the
process of producing another job while
the rollin versa cam is still printing
the first job the common impression with
an all-in-one print and cut device is
that it saves time and money by having
one machine because it can do it all but
at this point you can see through this
misconception with all-in-one printer
cutters you have a jack of all trades
master of none scenario in other words
because of being an all-in-one device
there's actually a sacrifice in through
point in the case for instance of the
roland versa cam the cutting speed is at
a max of 11.8 inches per second whereas
the graphtec FC 8000 cutters can cut up
to 58 inches per second another key
benefit of having two machines is the
ability to run multiple jobs at once
as we can see while the graph tag FC
8000 is contour cutting you can set a
second job to the HP designjet and while
the HP designjet is printing you can
begin cutting yet another job on the
graph tac FC 8000 you can even produce
print only and cut only job
simultaneously a feat that all and one
devices cannot achieve you may think
that having an all-in-one setup save
space while imagine having to cut a rush
job on the cutter with the all-in-one
device while it's printing it is
impossible unless you stop the printing
this dilemma is only solved by
purchasing an extra cutting device which
in reality no longer saves you space
having separate devices though will give
you the best of both worlds fast
printing and fast cutting this will give
you the ability to do two jobs at once
adding workflow flexibility and
maximizing the number of customers you
can help let's return to the time-lapse
video and wait for the Roland to finish
you
the rollin versa cam is finished looking
at the clock it took about 52 minutes
and 24 seconds now compare that to just
33 minutes and 47 seconds for our print
and cut duo system in a normal
eight-hour day the printing cut duo can
produce almost double the amount of work
then the all-in-one printer cutter can
produce the clear winner is obvious the
faster workflow is using the HP graft AG
print and cut duo we were able to print
and cut twice the amount with these two
products than the all-in-one printer
cutter in the end having a separate
printer and cutter results in increased
speeds and increased productivity which
equals more money in your pocket at the
end of the day